Say what you have
Wasn't it fine last night?
Why do you suddenly hate me and fire me?
No. Why?
Impossible, you clearly said you like me
Say I'm tall and handsome is your type
What were you running for this morning?
Why am I running?
You slept like a dead pig in the morning. I'm not running. I'm late with you.
Then you leave that note
Is it to piss me off?
You see, this is how you young people think.
How can there be so many why
I just simply don't want to see you, understand?
You obviously like me
I like your size.
Do you think I have that kind of kung fu?
Adults have an adult world
What family love love
I'm past that age. You see what you keep saying, and I only see one sentence here.
You care about your age, and you care about mine.
I always thought you were brave and you were a coward
Tommy wow
Should I give you a Nobel Prize for speaking?
Are you reading too many novels or too many short dramas?
One dare not take one bite and one is cowardly
Who have I, Tang Jian, been afraid of when I was so old?
I was scared by that little brat
narcissistic
I tell you my patience has limits even though you helped me
Although I do treat you better than others
But that doesn't mean I like you
But I've already kissed you, you're so shameless
Dare to say anything
You didn't refuse?
Did I smoke yesterday? You don't call it rejection.
If you really refuse, you won't let me touch you
i
I have to tell you this sentence, don't say I don't want you to let me go, um
You bastard
Tang Li has an accident
What's wrong?